web page


https://ujualk.github.io/woodland/

https://ujualk.github.io/Netflix/

I made replicas of home page of two real website using HTML and CSS by the help of Visual Studio(VSS).The first website
 is the official home page of Woodland and second one is the official home page of Netflix.Woodland is a fashion brand
 and Netflix is an ott platform.It took four days for me to complete the two websites.I mainly used display flex property in
css to design my pages.First i made a blue print of the web site that i want to make,that give me a clear idea of which 
direction i want to go for the website design.First I made a trail Facebook home page to make my concept clear.Then I move to
 my first website.






HTML(The Hypertext Markup Language) and CSS(Cascading Style Sheets)are two of the core technologies for building web pages.
HTML describe the structure of a web page.HTML consist of series of element.HTML elements
tell the browser how to display the content.CSS used to sets the style in web pages that contain HTML elements.It sets the
font size,background colour,colour etc.I mainly used display flex property in CSS for designing my home pages.By usig this
property we can align content of our pages easily.First i need to 
learn the basics of HTML and CSS.So i took  lessons from various  you tube channels,like Brototype,Debug media,Kevin powell
.These channels helps me to understand the basics,Also W33 website helps to clear my doubts.Batch mates also helped to clear 
the doubts.


affirmations

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FTTgFFK6ra95Hg_SpDFMgU8khdk5-hZtzM8Co4mD-NE/edit?usp=sharing


Whether you’re feeling proud of yourself after a major accomplishment or feeling down on yourself after a day when you
 can’t seem to get it right, the way you talk to yourself matters. So I choose these affirmation that is perfect for me.
When i repeat this short phrases i can change the way i think and feel good about myself.This affirmations  relates to 
my  personal goal and my future . Experts recommend keeping it brief and making sure it feels authentic to you.
So i decided to keep it short.When i am feeling low then i started chanting these affirmation in my mind,and it give me
a special force to get back and continue my work.These affirmation help to keep my work ethics.





vision board

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hhDcwh3-6HbBhRGCw4P7H3HGq1DpaXJ5nrV-_lWsbWU/edit?usp=sharing




The vision board I created portray the dreams I want to achieve.I used canva application to create my vision board.
when  I look at the vision board everyday it give me a special motivation to work hard and remind me of the blossom
future ahead.The vision board consist of the house that I want to own,a Toyota Camry car I want to buy,My dream job
in one of the biggest MNC  Netflix,My fitness goals,the dream of Watch a live match in Campnou stadium located in Barcelona,the 
place I want to travel,The investment i want to make in future,and the well being of my family and friends.To achieve
 these things first i need to attain financial stability.So that is a important part in my vision board.

